Features, advantages


ZooKeeper is a centralized service for maintaining configuration information, 
naming, providing distributed synchronization, and providing group services.
All of these kinds of services are used in some form or another 
by distributed applications. Each time they are implemented there is a lot of work 
that goes into fixing the bugs and race conditions that are inevitable. 
Because of the difficulty of implementing these kinds of services, 
applications initially usually skimp on them, 
which make them brittle in the presence of change and difficult to manage. 
Even when done correctly, different implementations of these services 
lead to management complexity when the applications are deployed.
ZooKeeper 是一个集中式服务，用于维护配置信息、命名、提供分布式同步和提供组服务。 
分布式应用程序以某种形式使用所有这些类型的服务。 
每次实现它们时，都需要进行大量工作来修复不可避免的错误和竞争条件。 
由于实现这些服务的难度，应用程序最初通常会吝啬它们，
这使得它们在发生变化时变得脆弱且难以管理。 即使正确完成，
这些服务的不同实现也会导致部署应用程序时的管理复杂性。


The main difference between the .equals() method and == operator 
is that one is a method and the other is the operator.
We can use == operators for reference comparison (address comparison) 
and .equals() method for content comparison. 
In simple words, == checks if both objects point to the same memory location 
whereas .equals() evaluates to the comparison of values in the objects.
If a class does not override the equals method, 
then by default it uses the equals(Object o) method of 
the closest parent class that has overridden this method. 
.equals() 方法和 == 运算符的主要区别
一个是方法，另一个是操作符。
我们可以使用 == 运算符进行引用比较（地址比较）
和 .equals() 方法进行内容比较。
简单来说，== 检查两个对象是否指向相同的内存位置
而 .equals() 评估对象中值的比较。
如果一个类没有覆盖 equals 方法，
然后默认情况下它使用 equals(Object o) 方法
覆盖此方法的最接近的父类。


This(ThreadLocal) gives us the ability to store data individually for the current thread – 
and simply wrap it within a special type of object.
这使我们能够为当前线程单独存储数据 - 并简单地将其包装在特殊类型的对象中。

we have a dedicated thread for each particular userId
我们为每个特定的 userId 设置了一个专用线程


The difference is that execute simply starts the task without any further ado, 
whereas submit returns a Future object to manage the task
不同之处在于 execute 只是简单地启动任务，没有任何进一步的操作，
而 submit 返回一个 Future 对象来管理任务


A closure is the combination of a function bundled together (enclosed) 
with references to its surrounding state (the lexical environment). 
In other words, a closure gives you access to an outer function’s scope 
from an inner function. In JavaScript, closures are created every time 
a function is created, at function creation time.
闭包是捆绑在一起（封闭）的函数与其周围状态（词法环境）的引用的组合。 
换句话说，闭包使您可以从内部函数访问外部函数的作用域。 
在 JavaScript 中，每次创建函数时都会在创建函数时创建闭包。

Closures are useful because they let you associate data 
(the lexical environment) with a function 
that operates on that data. 
This has obvious parallels to object-oriented programming,
where objects allow you to associate data (the object's properties) 
with one or more methods.
闭包很有用，因为它们使您可以将数据（词法环境）
与对该数据进行操作的函数相关联。 
这与面向对象编程有明显的相似之处，
其中对象允许您将数据（对象的属性）与一个或多个方法相关联。

Private methods aren't just useful for restricting access to code. 
They also provide a powerful way of managing your global namespace.
私有方法不仅仅用于限制对代码的访问。它们还提供了一种管理全局命名空间的强大方法。





It isn’t right that 55 of our largest corporations paid zero 
in federal income taxes on $40 billion of profits in 2020.
It needs to change.

she has suspended. //她被终止了（权限等。。）
I do actually have to go back.


what was the scale of the impact of the achievement you mentioned?
你提到的成就的影响有多大


honk your horn 鸣喇叭
from henceforth on  从今以后 
Well,have fun being happy at your dad.
So,why not let them spoil us?  宠溺
How are the rest of the kids? 其他的孩子还好吗？


Hello everyone,My name is James,I'm from China
I graduated from University in 2011 
with a major in computer science and technology. 
I have 10 years of software development experience. 
I am mainly engaged in Java development and also familiar 
with front-end development and the use of databases.

The project I am working on is the comprehensive command platform of Yandu Police station, 
Including 7 modules:
police situation monitoring, 
public security community linkage, 
community policing, 
law enforcement supervision, 
work list management, 
service quality, 
public security command and dispatch

we use gitlab to manage our codes, issues and tasks













